Name: Andy Ren
UID: 206024428

1. In my implementation, a bank square will check each tick if a player has landed on it using the landedOn(Actor* actor) function located in the Actor class. The landedOn function uses an actor's (the player's) direction at ticks_to_move == 1 to determine if a player will land on a square or not. The bank square determines which player is landing on the square by calling the player() function in the Interactables class. The Interactables class serves as the base class for all classes that interact with the players, including squares and enemies. The player() function uses the player and interactable's getX() and getY() coordinates to determine if they are/will overlap to determine which player is landing at the time. Once it determines which player will land on it, the bank square proceeds to give the player the contents of the bank. If the player is not landing on the square, then the bank square will check if a player is moving past it by calling the movingPast(Player* player) function located in the Interactables class. If a player overlaps the square and is not landing on it, then the bank square will take 5 coins (or less if the player doesn't have 5 coins yet) and deposit it into the bank. The bank's balance is called and altered using functions in the StudentWorld class, and the player's coins are called and altered with mutator functions in the Player class. The bank square and player are checked for overlapping using the overlapping(Actor* a, Actor* b) function in the StudentWorld class.

2. I finished all functionality given in the specs. A known bug in my code is that if peach and yoshi land on the same square on the exact same tick, the square will only affect peach. Another bug is if bowser replaces a directional square with a dropping square, players will still treat that dropping square as a directional square. 

3. I assumed that at a fork, bowser and boos could go any direction that was available, even backwards. The players are not allowed to go backwards but the specs didn't specify that for bowser and boos. I assumed that if a player is teleported to a fork, they do not have to choose direction and a random one will be assigned.